Instructions for Minesweeper

You are presented with a board of squares. Some squares contain mines, others don't.
If you click on a square containing a mine, you lose.
If you manage to click all the squares (without clicking on any mines), you win.

Clicking a square which does not have a mine reveals the number of neighbouring squares containing mines. Use this information plus some guessing to avoid the mines.
To open a square, move your cursor to the square and click it while the Flag is Off. (Button will say "Flag On")
To mark a square you think has a mine, Select "Flag On", move your cursor to the square and click it.
To remove that flag, Select "Flag On", move your cursor to the square that has the flag and click it.
To go back to normally opening squares, Select "Flag Off".

Note:
The corners or the board will never have a mine on them.
A squares neighbours are adjacent above, below, left, right and all four diagonals. The board does not wrap around the edges.
If you open a square with ZERO neighbouring mines, all its neighbours will automatically open.
If you mark a mine incorrectly, you will have to correct the mistake before you can win. Incorrect mine marking does not lose you the game, but can lead to mistakes.
You do not have to mark all the mines to win; you need to open all non-mined squares.
Select "Play Again" to play a new game on the same difficulty.
Select "Quit" to go back to the main menu.
Players are able to register and login to store their statstistics for games they play.
If you are logged in, Select "Stats" to see your personal stats.
"W" indicates that you have placed a flag where there is not a bomb (after winning or losing).

Status Information:
You can see the number of flags you have left on the right hand side.
You can also see the timer on the right hand side.
To save your statstistics for your game, you must be logged in. You can log in on the main menu.
There is no maximum for the amount of time you can take to complete a game.
Players can see a scoreboard on the main menu to see which user has the best times.
